Allow args on function passed to registerApolloClient (#68)
apollographql/apollo-client-nextjs: package/README.md

const { data } = await getClient().query({ query: userQuery });
```

#### Multiple clients

> If you need to manage multiple clients, for example if you have different endpoints for content previews,

Reviewer: To be honest, the "for example" feels a little too specific. I'm not sure most apps would have a "content preview", nor do I think many people might understand what this is (to be honest I'm one of those 😅).

Instead, could we use either something like an auth token, or a versioned endpoint or something as an example? This might resonate with readers a bit more. I'm also for removing this part of the sentence altogether if we can't come up with a great example.

> the function you pass to `registerApolloClient` can accept arbitrary arguments.
> If you're using Typescript, you can hint their types as a tuple:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
you can pass a function to `registerApolloClient` that accepts arguments.
```

I'd suggest removing that last sentence. I think the code sample does a good job showing off how to use TypeScript with this function, so this point is inferred. I also had a suggestion for a slight tweak in that other sentence that gives it more active voice.

```ts

> export const { getClient } = registerApolloClient<[string | null]>((previewToken: string | null) => {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
export const { getClient } = registerApolloClient((token: string | null) => {
```

Couple things here:

1. Let's rely on type inference where possible since its easier to understand than passing the tuple as a generic. We find a lot of people will copy/paste code, so we tend to prefer showing off the "optimal" code when possible. I've pulled this down locally and this change works as expected.
2. The name `previewToken` feels a bit specific for the README. Could we make this a tad more generic to something like `token` or `authToken` which are more wide-spread?

>   ...

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // ...
```

I always prefer to use a comment like this to denote a code placeholder so that it maintains proper syntax and code highlighting. Would you mind switching over to something like this?

> ```ts
> export const { getClient } = registerApolloClient<[string | null]>((previewToken: string | null) => {
>   ...
> });
> 

Reviewer: ````suggestion
```ts
export const { getClient } = registerApolloClient<[string | null]>((previewToken: string | null) => {
  ...
});
```
````

It looks like this code block is missing the closing ticks, so the formatting is a bit weird right now 😆. Here is the [rendered README](https://github.com/tremby/apollo-client-nextjs/tree/register-client-allow-args) for reference.

Reviewer: As part of this code block, I'd also love to show off _how_ you'd use the argument to ensure people understand that `getClient` is the function affected by the argument. Stealing from the example in the section before this, I'd suggest adding this line:

```ts
const { data } = await getClient(token).query({ query: userQuery });
```
